Pope
’ City Auditor

ar

Elections
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
City of Portland Declaration of Candidacy
Important Dates
General Election First Day to File Last Day to File Withdrawal Deadline
November 5, 2024 June 5,2024 August 27, 2024 August 30, 2024

This Filing is an

[x] Original Ee] Amendment

Filing for Office of 3
O Councilor District 1 (4-Year Term) O Mayor (4-Year Term)

CO Councilor District 2 (4-Year Term) O Auditor (2-Year Term)
C ‘lor District 3 (2-Year T Notice for City Auditor Candidates; Candidates for City Auditor must
©) ouncilor District 3 (2-Year Term) additionally include proof Hy) ceaig aloe pte cps!
; — Auditor, or Management Accountant. Applications for City Auditor candidacy
©) Councilor District 4 (2-Year Term) are not considered complete until all required documentation is received,

Name of Candidate

First MI _Last Suffix

Name Should Appear on Ballot as Follows (Nicknames or shortened versions of names in parenthesis)

ome: Bali |

andidate Residence Address

ava AW Faz City State “ Code County
Have you resided at this address since November 5, 2023? (mlyYes [=] No

If not, list the address(es) you have resided at since November 5, 2023:

Candidate Mailing Address and Contact Information (Only one phone number and an email is required)

Iv] |v | Mailing and Residential Address are the same.

Street

Primary Phone Number Alternate Phone Number
a

Campaign Website (if applicable)

ww.betterwithbali.com

Page 1 of 5


Race and Ethnicity (Optional)

As part of ensuring open and accountable government, the Portland Auditor's Office promotes and
fosters a culture of racial equity, diversity, and inclusion in the Office's public services and everyday
interactions. To help us measure whether we are meeting these goals, we ask that you provide
basic demographic information.

Note: Your answer to this question will not affect your qualification for candidacy and will not appear
on the ballot.

Check all that apply.
ey [| Middle Eastern or Northern African

[eal American Indian or Alaskan Native
(Tribe or Native Corporation): fe] Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander

| | ["] white

Asian or Asian American
Not Listed (specify):

[| Black or African American

fy Hispanic, Latino, Latina, or Latinx eS Prefer not to answer

Occupation (Present Employment, Paid or Unpaid). If not employed, enter "Not Employed."

linical Pharmacist specializing in HIV, Hepatitis C, Mental health, and addiction.

Occupational Background (Previous Employment, Paid or Unpaid). If no
relevant experience, enter "None" or "NA." Attach a separate sheet if necessary.
Please see attached

Educational Background (Schools Attended). Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

Complete Name of School Last Grade Completed Diploma/Degree/Certificate Course of Study
acific University School of raduate Program harmD harmacy
harmacy

Page 2of5

| Educational Background (Other). Attach a separate sheet if necessary.
Please see attached

Prior Governmental Experience (Elected or Appointed). If no relevant experience, enter

"None" or "NA." Attach a separate sheet if necessa
Subject Matter Expert for the State of Oregon in

Campaign Finance Information
State Campaign Finance Information:

e A candidate must file a Statement of Organization not later than three business days of first
receiving a contribution or making an expenditure and no later than the deadline for filing a
nominating petition or declaration of candidacy, whichever occurs first, unless they meet the criteria
for an exemption. To meet the criteria, the candidate must serve as their own treasurer, not have
an existing candidate committee, and not expect to spend or receive more than

$750 during the entire calendar year (including in-kind contributions and personal funds).

e If you have an existing candidate committee you must amend the statement of organization not
later than 10 days after a change in information. This includes changes to the election you are active
in and the office you are running for.

e See the State Campaign Finance Manual for the procedural and legal requirements of establishing
and maintaining a candidate committee.

| have reviewed the above State campaign finance information.

City of Portland Contribution Limits and Disclosures Information:
e City campaign finance contribution limits, disclosure requirements, and additional reporting requirements

are included in City Code Sections 2.10.010 B.1., 2., and 4. (Contributions in City of Portland Candidate

Elections); 2.10.020 B. (Expenditures in City of Portland Candidate Elections); 2.10.030 A. — C.(Timely
Disclosure of Large Contributions and Expenditures); and 2.16.140 C. (Additional Reporting).

v | | have reviewed the above campaign finance requirements specific to the City of Portland. | also
understand that the Auditor's Office publishes administrative rules pertaining to campaign
finance and have reviewed these.

Small Donor Elections

For more information on this optional program, contact the Small Donor Elections program.
Select one
| have filed a Notice of Intent to participate in the City’s public funding program.

[Fe] | have not filed a Notice of Intent, but | plan on participating in the City’s public funding program.

fea | do not plan to participate in the City’s public funding program.

Page 3 of 5

Candidate Committee

Select one
[vy] | have a candidate committee registered with the Oregon Secretary of State in ORESTAR.
Name of Candidate Committee as registered in ORESTAR:

Friends of Sandeep Bali

| do not have a candidate committee registered in ORESTAR, and | do not expect to spend more
than $750 or receive more than $750 during each calendar year. | understand that | must still keep |
} records of all campaign transactions and that if total contributions or total expenditures exceed
$750 during a calendar year, | must follow the requirements of City and State law, detailed in the

City Candidate Guide and the State Campaign Finance Manual.

| do not currently have a candidate committee registered in ORESTAR. | will be filing a
Statement of Organization for Candidate Committee with the Oregon Secretary of State’s Office

___ (SEL.220 Form). |

Filing Method

' |] Fee (Auditor: $100, Mayor: $100, Councilor: $75). If selecting this method, proceed to Option A.
[| Fee Waiver (must be previously submitted and approved). If selecting this method, proceed to
Option A.

[ _] Nominating Petition (no filing fee required). If selecting this method, proceed to Option B.

Option A: Filing by Declaration and Fee or Fee Waiver

lam fi ling this Candidate Filing Application along with required d fi iling fee pursuant ‘to City Code Section
2.08.060 (Candidacy by Declaration), or | have been approved for a fee waiver in lieu of filing fee.
ly] | understand that my filing for candidacy is not complete until | submit a completed
Candidate Filing Application and | have paid the filing fee or my fee waiver has been
previously submitted and approved.
| am including the required fee by the following method (skip if you have been approved for the Fee
Waiver).
Paying through the Online Payment Portal. To access the payment portal, visit
portlandoregon.gov/auditor/candidatefilingfee/ or click the following button:

| Pay Filing Fee Online | |

[ ] Mailing a check. Make checks payable to "City of Portland," and mail to:
City Elections Office
1221 SW Fourth Avenue
Room 130 Portland, OR 97204
' [| Scheduling an in-person appointment to deposit a payment. To request an appointment
i with the City Elections Office email elections rtlandoregon.gov.

Option B: Filing by Declaration and Nominating Petition Z

Notice: Candidates filing by Nominating Petition

* Must submit a proposed signature sheet (SEL 121 Form) to the City Elections Office for written
approval prior to circulation. Remember to include your SEL 121 Form when you file your
Candidate Filing Application.

* Must submit completed signature sheets and a completed Petition Submission Form (SEL 338
Form) to the City Elections Office in person to initiate the signature verification process.

Page 4 of 5

_ Option B: Filing by Declaration and Nominating Petition (Continued) |
_Some circulators may be paid OYes — [| No |
Oo | understand that submitting this form and the proposed signature sheet do not represent a
complete filing for candidacy. A complete filing for candidacy by nominating petition requires in-
person submission of completed signature sheets (SEL 121 Form) containing at least 500 valid
signatures from Portland voters registered in my electoral district in addition to a completed
____ Petition Submission Form (SEL 338 Form). _

_ Residence Address 2ss Exemption (Optional) i ed

- Candidates are required to disclose their residential address to verify qualification for candidacy. To.
exempt your residence address from public disclosure, candidates must file a separate Residence
Address Exemption Request (SEL 180 Form) with the Secretary of State. The request for a Residence
Address Exemption must include a publicly disclosable mailing address. Residence addresses are still |
subject to inspection as public record under ORS 192.311 to 192.478.

| Select one
| | don't want my residence address to be disclosed. | will be filing [Xx] | will not be filing an
a separate SEL 180- Residence Address Exemption Request Address Exemption.

Candidate Attestation and Filing Submission
By signing this document, | hereby state and acknowledge the following:
e | will accept the election for the office indicated above.
e | will qualify for said office if elected.
,* No circulators will be compensated based on the number of signatures obtained by the circulator on a
prospective petition. |

¢ |understand that | may not file a nominating petition or declaration of candidacy for more than one
lucrative office on the ballot at the same time, unless | first file a written withdrawal with the officer who
accepted the initial filing. | understand that | must file the withdrawal before a nominating petition or
| declaration of candidacy will be accepted. See ORS 249.013 (Candidacy for More than One Office).
| * lunderstand that pursuant to ORS 260.715 (Prohibited Conduct) and ORS 260.993 (Criminal
Penalties), any person who supplies any information on the form, knowing it to be false, is subject upon
conviction in the penitentiary for up to five years or to a fine of $125,000 or both.
* | understand that the information submitted on this form is subject to Oregon's public record laws.
» All the information provided by me on this form is true to the best of my knowledge.

| 7= 16-2024 |

For ¢ Candidates | Filing by Nominating Petition: After you ou submit this Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120
Form), the City Elections Office will assign a petition number to this form and notify you by email of both the
assigned petition number and confirmation that your form has been received. Contact the City Elections Office
if you have not received a reply within three business days.

For All Candidates: When completed, you may email this form to elections@portlandoregon.qov or
schedule an appointment to submit your Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120 Form) in person. Same day
appointments cannot be guaranteed and candidates should plan to contact the City Elections Office at least
several days in advance.

For internal Use Only

|
| Petition ID

Timestam Tia OEIGIE
Number Pp 16JUL 24 GS:G3F NH

few 6/7/24
Page 5of5

Sandeep Bali Mah

Clinical Operations Manager Present

Multi-disciplinary pharmaceutical leader with 10+
years experience managing cross-functional teams [Jat
with a focus on increasing annual revenue and
delivering compassionate patient care.

specialty=

Founder of Next Level
Scholarship Foundation

Foundation dedicated to providing resources to
future health care professionals. We award
scholarships, create networks of support and
advocate for long term change in the cost burden
of education.

Subject Matter Expert for the
Oregon Public Health and
Pharmacy Formulary Advisory
Committee.

Preventative Care: HIV Post Exposure Prophlaxis
(PEP)

Preventative Care: HIV Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis

(PrEP) Jan 2018
March
CONTACT 2021

CVS

Specialty

EDUCATION

Pacific University School Of Pharmacy
Hillsboro, OR
Doctor of Pharmacy, PharmD

University of Nevada Reno
Reno, NV
Bachelors of Science, Nutritional Science

«

OX
Pacific Sy
y

Universit
Oregon

EXPERIENCE

Lead Pharmacist

CVS Specialty Pharmacy, Portland, OR

Support the CVS specialty pharmacy team in providing
exceptional customer care to patients and healthcare
professionals while providing leadership and guidance to
supporting stoff.

» Lead and managed the operational, and administrative
functions of high-volume specialty pharmacy (1500 annualized
patient contacts)

» Day-to-day management of 10 cross functional staff including
clinical pharmacists, technicians, billing staff, and medical
assistants. Advocate for their professional growth.

» Provide specialty support and clinical care services to
high-risk HIV and Hepatitis C population with daily outreach to
patients, MTM and DUR services.

»Collaborate with other functional areas to support sales,
operational and financial objectives of the specialty pharmacy.

Clinical Operations Manager

CVS Specialty Pharmacy, Portland, OR

Supported the CVS acquisition team in acquiring a retail
pharmacy and turning it into a profitable HIV/AIDS and
Hepatitis C specialty pharmacy.

» Lead and managed the financial, operational, and
administrative functions of high-volume specialty pharmacy
(1500 annualized patient contacts)

» Exceeded store sales goals by 45% YoY including $4 million
in sales for 2021-2022

» Day-to-day management of 10 cross functional staff
including clinical pharmacists, technicians, billing staff, and
medical assistants. Advocated for their professional growth.

» Provided specialty support and clinical care services to
high-risk HIV population with daily outreach to patients,
MTM and DUR services.

»Collaborate with other functional areas to support sales,
operational and financial objectives of the specialty
pharmacy..

July 2014

Dec 2017

PROVIDENCE
Health & Services

Corporate Recognition

» Recognized by Executive Vice
President and President of CVS, Alan
Lotvin, for representing a true
example of how as a leader one can
direct a team during a challenging
time while at the same time making
healthcare more personal and easier
to use for clients through customer
service innovations. Mr. Lotvin
recognized my attention to detail,
thoughtfulness, and excellent level of
patient care.

» Recognized by Senior Director, CVS
Specialty, Linda Rivera for
demonstrating positive leadership
and for creating a company culture
that rewards innovation, customer
service, and the ability to be flexible
within an industry that is continually

innovating.
April
2008

H August
Licensure pie

Pharmacists, Oregon Board of
Pharmacy. License RPH-0013956

EXPERIENCE

Clinical Pharmacist - Long Term Care
Providence Specialty Pharmacy, Portland, OR

Providence is an organization which has redesigned patient
care such that caregivers work collaboratively to develop
leading care practices, which deliver high quality, affordable
care to every patient in every community served.

» Provided leadership and guidance to production staff to
ensure proper order entry, workflow, and adherence to
delivery schedules.

» Provided specialized assistance to physicians, nursing
staff, and caregivers. Implemented on-call protocol which
made pharmacists and physicians available to clients 24 hours a
day and 365 days for emergency consultations to decrease client
hospital visits.

» Provided complete medication services including
specialized packaging and dispensing solutions to facilities
serviced by pharmacy. Created a multi-dose packaging service
for clients to increase adherence which led to increase in client
contracts.

» Represented the Quality Management Committee.
Consistently reviewed and improved pharmacy services to meet
URAC standards. Proactively identified and reduced adverse
effects and safety risks to patients and staff.

Clinical Report Writer
Charles River Laboratories, Preclinical Services, Reno,NV

Company offers an extensive testing and medical professional
service portfolio which includes: basic research; drug discovery;
safety assessments and efficacy; clinical support and process
manufacturing.

» Drafted scientific study reports. Reports were compiled of
significant study data and submitted to the FDA on behalf of
client for preclinical approval.

» Involved in the safety assessments and efficacy of Gardasil.
Collaborated with scientists from Merck to compile safety data.

» Assisted research directors with submission of preclinical
reports to the FDA for approval of Botox for the use of
overactive bladder. Worked with Allergan scientists to bring
product to market.