Candidate Filing Application
#3
CCOOMMPPLLEETTEE
Coollectoor: WWeb Link 2 (WWeb Link)
SStarted: WWeddnesddayy, Juune 05, 2024 88:04:51 AAM
Last MMoodified: WWeddnesddayy, Juune 05, 2024 88:24:488 AAM
Time Spent: 00:19:56
IPP AAddress:
Page 1: Candidate Information
Q1 Original
This form is filed as an:
Q2
First name
Mike
Q3
Middle initial
James
Q4
Last name
DiNapoli
Q5 Respondent skipped this question
Suffix
Q6
Name should appear on ballot as follows (nicknames or shortened versions of names in parenthesis):
Mike DiNapoli
Page 2: Candidate Information
Q7 Councilor District 4 (2-Year Term)
I am filing to be a candidate for the following office:
1 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Page 3: Certification Requirement for Auditor Candidates
Q8 Respondent skipped this question
Select one:
Q9 Respondent skipped this question
Please acknowledge:
Page 4: Upload Files for Certification Requirement for Auditor Candidates
Q10 Respondent skipped this question
City Auditor candidate applicants may upload proof of
certification below if not submitting certification by email or
in person.
Page 5: Candidate Information: Residential and Mailing Addresses
Q11
Candidate Residence Address
Street address line 1 735 SW St. Clair Ave
Street address line 2 Apt 1502
City Portland
State OR
Zip code 97205
County United States
Q12 Yes
Have you resided at this address since November 5,
2023?
Q13 Respondent skipped this question
If not, list the address(es) you have resided at since
November 5, 2023:
Q14 Yes
Mailing and Residential Address are the same.
Page 6: Candidate Information: Mailing Addresses
2 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Q15 Respondent skipped this question
Candidate Mailing Address
Page 7: Candidate Contact Information
Q16
Primary phone number
(503) 933-5116
Q17
Alternate phone number
(971) 373-7870
Q18
Campaign phone number
(971) 373-7870
Q19
Campaign website (if applicable)
www.MikeDiNapoli.org
Q20
Email address 1
producermd@gmail.com
Q21 Personal email address
This email address is:
Q22
Email address 2
md@mikedinapoli.org
Q23 Campaign email address
This email address is:
3 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Page 8: Candidate Information: Demographic Information
Q24 American Indian or Alaskan Native (if selected, a text
box is available on the next page where you can list
Race or Ethnicity (Please check all that apply)
your Tribe or Native Corporation, if desired)
,
Not Listed (please specify):
Sicilian American
Page 9: Candidate Information: Demographic Information
Q25
Please provide your Tribe or Native Corporation, if desired:
unaffiliated: Lenni Lenape
Page 10: Required Background Information
Q26
Occupation (present employment, paid or unpaid). If not employed, enter "Not Employed."
People's AV | Event Technology Director
Q27
Occupational Background (previous employment, paid or unpaid). If no relevant experience, enter "None" or "NA."
I'm a Utility telecom tradesperson and have worked across the country on our nations telephone, data, radio and television
infrastructure systems. I'm also a JourneyLevel low-voltage electrician and service person. In a addition I'm a small business owner
and provide technology service support across the region.
Q28
Prior Government Experience (elected or appointed). If no government experience, enter "None" or "NA.”
Was an appointed Precinct Committee Person for the Washington County Democrats in the early 2000's and was on the Citizen
Advisory Board with the City of Hillsboro providing insight and oversight on Conditional Use Permits within the city.
Current- I'm an appointed PCP for the Multnomah County Democrats and with the primaries behind us, soon to be an offically elected
PCP for Multnomah County.
4 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Q29
Educational Background (schools attended)
Complete name of school Mount Hood Comm. College [MHCC]
Last grade completed Graduated
Diploma/Degree/Certificate Associate of Science
Course of study (optional) Media & Broadcasting
Q30
Additional Educational Background
Complete name of school Portland State University
Last grade completed 11 [Junior]
Diploma/Degree/Certificate In progress
Course of study (optional) Communication and Business
Q31
Additional Educational Background
Complete name of school Communications of America
Last grade completed Apprenticeship
Diploma/Degree/Certificate JourneyPerson Data, Switching and DC Power
Course of study (optional) Telecom, Radio, Broadcast Infrastucture
Q32
Additional Educational Background
Complete name of school IBEW Tested and Training
Last grade completed Journeyperson
Diploma/Degree/Certificate Licensed Low Voltage Electrician
Course of study (optional) Data and Telecom
Q33 Respondent skipped this question
Educational Background (other)
Q34 No
Do you have additional schools to add?
5 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Page 11: Background Information: Additional Schools
Q35 Respondent skipped this question
Additional Educational Background
Q36 Respondent skipped this question
Additional Educational Background
Q37 Respondent skipped this question
Additional Educational Background
Q38 Respondent skipped this question
Additional Educational Background
Q39 Respondent skipped this question
Additional Educational Background
Q40 Respondent skipped this question
Additional Educational Background
Page 12: State Campaign Finance Information
Q41 I have reviewed the above State campaign finance
information.
A candidate must file a Statement of Organization not later
than three business days of first receiving a contribution or
making an expenditure and no later than the deadline for
filing a nominating petition or declaration of candidacy,
whichever occurs first, unless they meet the criteria for an
exemption. To meet the criteria, the candidate must serve
as their own treasurer, not have an existing candidate
committee, and not expect to spend or receive more than
$750 during the entire calendar year (including in-kind
contributions and personal funds).If you have an existing
candidate committee you must amend the statement of
organization not later than 10 days after a change in
information. This includes changes to the election you are
active in and the office you are running for.See the State
Campaign Finance Manual for the procedural and legal
requirements of establishing and maintaining a candidate
committee.
Page 13: City of Portland Contribution Limits and Disclosures Information:
6 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Q42 I have reviewed the above campaign finance
requirements specific to the City of Portland. I also
City campaign finance contribution limits, disclosure
understand that the Auditor’s Office publishes
requirements, and additional reporting requirements are
included in City Code Sections 2.10.010 B.1., 2., and 4. administrative rules pertaining to campaign finance and
(Contributions in City of Portland Candidate Elections); have reviewed these.
2.10.020 B. (Expenditures in City of Portland Candidate
Elections); 2.10.030 A. – C.(Timely Disclosure of Large
Contributions and Expenditures); and 2.16.140 C.
(Additional Reporting).
Page 14: Small Donor Elections
Q43 I have filed a Notice of Intent to participate in the City’s
public funding program.
Select one:
Page 15: Candidate Committee
Q44 I have a candidate committee registered with the Oregon
Secretary of State in ORESTAR. Name of Candidate
Select one:
Committee as listed in ORESTAR: :
Mike DiNapoli for Portland | PAC ID: 23200
Page 16: Filing Method
Q45 Fee (Auditor: $100, Mayor: $100, Councilor: $75).
I am choosing the following filing method to file for
candidacy (select one):
Page 17: Filing by Declaration and Fee or Fee Waiver
Q46 Respondent skipped this question
I am filing this Candidate Filing Application along with
required filing fee pursuant to City Code Section 2.08.060
(Candidacy by Declaration), or I have been approved for a
fee waiver in lieu of filing fee.
Page 18: Filing by Declaration
Q47 I understand that my filing for candidacy is not
complete until I submit a completed Candidate Filing
I am filing this Candidate Filing Application along with
Application and I have paid the filing fee or my fee
required filing fee pursuant to City Code Section 2.08.060
(Candidacy by Declaration), or I have been approved for a waiver has been previously submitted and approved.
fee waiver in lieu of filing fee.
7 / 8
Candidate Filing Application
Q48 Paying through the Online Payment Portal. To access
the payment portal,
I am including the required fee by the following method :
visitportlandoregon.gov/auditor/candidatefilingfee/
Page 19: Filing by Declaration and Nominating Petition
Q49 Respondent skipped this question
Some circulators may be paid:
Q50 Respondent skipped this question
Please acknowledge:
Q51 Respondent skipped this question
Please upload Candidate Signature Sheet (SEL 121 Form)
Page 20: Residence Address Exemption
Q52 I will not be filing an Address Exemption.
Check if filing a Residence Address Exemption Request
(SEL 180 Form)Choose One:
Page 21: Candidate Attestation and Filing Submission
Q53 By checking this box, I am attaching my electronic
signature to this Online Candidate Filing Application
Signature
(AUD 120)
8 / 8