Portland

“ye City Auditor

ees Elections

Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
City of Portland Declaration of Candidacy

Important Dates
General Election First Day to File Last Day to File Withdrawal Deadline
November 5, 2024 June 5,2024 August 27, 2024 August 30, 2024

This Filing is an

OH) Original ea Amendment
Filing for Office of

© Councilor District 1 (4-Year Term) O Mayor (4-Year Term)

@ Councilor District 2 (4-Year Term) © Auditor (2-Year Term)

C ilor District 3 (2-Year T Notice for City Auditor Candidates: Candidates for City Auditor must
O ouncilor District 3 (2-Year Term) additionally include proof of certification as a Public Accountant, Internal
Auditor, or Management Accountant. Applications for City Auditor candidacy

© Councilor District 4 (2-Year Term) are not'considered complete until all required documentation is received.
Name of Candidate

mid MI Last Suffix
am vel A .T. Sach

6
Name Should Appear on Ballot as Follows (Nicknames or shortened versions of names in parenthesis)

andidate Residence Address
Street Address State Zip Code County

Zo10 NE. ZZND ANE "Br thed OR = 9921- pul fronah

Have you resided at this address since November 5, 2023? es | No
If not, list the address(es) you have resided at since November 5, 2023:

Candidate Mailing Address and Contact Information (Only one phone number and an email is required)

Mailing and Residential Address are the same.

Street City State Zip Code
£010 Zus Aye Prtlond
Primary Phone Number

Alternate Phone Number Campaign Phone Number
503) 133-4543

Personal Email Address Campaign Email Address

+heno hate Zone @y Kho com  :whe

Campaign Website (if applicable)

amGack$Fot pacthaud. Com

Page 1 of 5

Educational Background (Other). Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

Prior Governmental Experience (Elected or Appointed). If no relevant experience, enter "None"
or "NA". Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

State ‘Campaign Finance Information:

e A candidate must file a Statement of Organization not later than three business days of first
receiving a contribution or making an expenditure and no later than the deadline for filing a
nominating petition or declaration of candidacy, whichever occurs first, unless they meet the criteria
for an exemption. To meet the criteria, the candidate must serve as their own treasurer, not have
an existing candidate committee, and not expect to spend or receive more than

$750 during the entire calendar year (including in-kind contributions and personal funds).

e If you have an existing candidate committee you must amend the statement of organization not

later than 10 days after a change in information. This includes changes to the election you are active
in and the office you are running for.

e See the State Campaign Finance Manual for the procedural and legal requirements of establishing
and maintaining a candidate committee.

| have reviewed the above State campaign finance information.

City of Portland Contribution Limits and Disclosures Information:

City campaign finance contribution limits, disclosure requirements, and additional reporting requirements
are included in City Code Sections 2.10.010 B.1., 2., and 4. (Contributions in City of Portland Candidate
Elections); 2.10.020 B. (Expenditures in City of Portland Candidate Elections); 2.10.030 A. — C.(Timely
Disgtosure of Large Contributions and Expenditures); and 2.16.140 C. (Additional Reporting).

| have reviewed the above campaign finance requirements specific to the City of Portland. | also

understand that the Auditor's Office publishes administrative rules pertaining to campaign
finance and have reviewed these.

Small Donor Elections

For more information on this optional program, contact the Small Donor Elections program.
Selegt one

| have filed a Notice of Intent to participate in the City’s public funding program.

a | have not filed a Notice of Intent, but | plan on participating in the City’s public funding program.

| | do not plan to participate in the City’s public funding program.

Co

Page 3 of 5


Option B: Filing by Declaration and Nominating Petition (Continued)

Some circulators may be paid Yes |] No
fl | understand that submitting this form and the proposed signature sheet do not represent a
complete filing for candidacy. A complete filing for candidacy by nominating petition requires in-
person submission of completed signature sheets (SEL 121 Form) containing at least 500 valid
signatures from Portland voters registered in my electoral district in addition to a completed Petition
Submission Form (SEL 338 Form).
Residence Address Exemption (Optional
Candidates are required to disclose their residential address to verify qualification for candidacy. To
exempt your residence address from public disclosure, candidates must file a separate Residence
Address Exemption Request (SEL 180 Form) with the Secretary of State. The request for a Residence
Address Exemption must include a publicly disclosable mailing address. Residence addresses are still
subject to inspection as public record under ORS 192.311 to 192.478.

Se/éct one
reas want my residence address to be disclosed. | will be filing [| | will not be filing an
a separate SEL 180- Residence Address Exemption Request Address Exemption.

Candidate Attestation and Filing Submission
By signing this document, | hereby state and acknowledge the following:

e | will accept the election for the office indicated above.

e | will qualify for said office if elected.

e No circulators will be compensated based on the number of signatures obtained by the circulator on a
prospective petition.

e | understand that | may not file a nominating petition or declaration of candidacy for more than one
lucrative office on the ballot at the same time, unless | first file a written withdrawal with the officer who
accepted the initial filing. | understand that | must file the withdrawal before a nominating petition or
declaration of candidacy will be accepted. See ORS 249.013 (Candidacy for More than One Office).

e | understand that pursuant to ORS 260.715 (Prohibited Conduct) and ORS 260.993 (Criminal
Penalties), any person who supplies any information on the form OV :

For Candidates Filing by Nominating Petitioff: After you“submit this Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120
Form), the City Elections Office will assign a petition number to this form and notify you by email of both the
assigned petition number and confirmation that your form has been received. Contact the City Elections Office
if you have not received a reply within three business days.

For All Candidates: When completed, you may email this form to elections@portlandoregon.gov or
schedule an appointment to submit your Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120 Form) in person. Same day
appointments cannot be guaranteed and candidates should plan to contact the City Elections Office at least
several days in advance.

For Internal Use Only

Petition ID

Number Timestamp

rev 5/6/2024

Page 5 of 5