Candidate Filing Application - AUD 120 - 2024-candidate-filing-ap... https://www.portland.gov/elections/documents/filing-application-a...

Portland

~ City Auditor

Elections
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
City of Portland Declaration of Candidacy
General Election First Day to File Last Day to File Withdrawal Deadline
November 5, 2024 June 5,2024 August 27, 2024 August 30, 2024

Original fe] Amendment
Filing for Office of

(e) Councilor District 1 (4-Year Term) O Mayor (4-Year Term)

QC) Councilor District 2 (4-Year Term) O Auditor (2-Year Term)

. a Notice for City Auditor Candidates: Candidates for City Auditor must
© Councilor District 3 (2-Year Term) additionally include proof of certification as a Public Accountant, Internal

: — Auditor, or Management Accountant. Applications for City Auditor candidacy
© Councilor District 4 (2-Year Term) _ are not'considered complete until all required documentation is received.
Name of Candidate

First MI as Suffix
Name Should Appear on Ballot as Follows (Nicknames or shortened versions of names in parenthesis)

andidate Residence Address
Street Address City. State

3121 SE 14 1st. Ave. Portland

Have you resided at this address since November 5, 2023? [mlyYes [ ] No

If not, list the address(es) you have resided at since November 5, 2023

Candidate Mailing Address and Contact Information (Only one phone number and an email is required)
ee Mailing and Residential Address are the same

Street Ci ate Zip Code
[p.o. Box 42307 | Portland On

Primary Phone Number Alternate Phone Number Campaign Phone Number
503-891-7718

Personal Email Address Campaign Email Address
Terrence@rnacpdx.com info@teamhayesforportland.com
Campaign Website (if applicable

www.teamhayesforportland.com

|

Zip Code County

Page 1 of 5
lof 5 7/18/24, 10:09 PM

Candidate Filing Application - AUD 120 - 2024-candidate-filing-ap... https://www.portland.gov/elections/documents/filing-application-a...

Race and Ethnicity (Optional)

As part of ensuring open and accountable government, the Portland Auditor's Office promotes and
fosters a culture of racial equity, diversity, and inclusion in the Office's public services and everyday
interactions. To help us measure whether we are meeting these goals, we ask that you provide
basic demographic information.

Note: Your answer to this question will not affect your qualification for candidacy and will not appear
on the ballot.

Check all that apply.
rey [] Middle Eastern or Northern African

American Indian or Alaskan Native
(Tribe or Native Corporation): [| Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander

C1] wite

Fel Asian or Asian American
E] Not Listed (specify):

Black or African American

Occupation (Present Employment, Paid or Unpaid). If not employed, enter "Not Employed."

Owner - Restore Nuisance Abatement (April 2022-Present)

Occupational Background (Previous Employment, Paid or Unpaid). If no
relevant experience, enter "None” or "NA.” Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

Portland Ceasefire | February 2024 - June 2024
Workforce Development Advisor | Raimore Construction | June 2020-November 2022
Certified Electrician | Tri Phase Electric Supply Co. | 2016-2020

Educational Background (Schools Attended). Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

Complete Name of School Last Grade Completed Diploma/Degree/Certificate Course of Study

Dee
|Western Oregon University

Page 2 of 5
2 of 5 7/18/24, 10:09 PM

Candidate Filing Application - AUD 120 - 2024-candidate-filing-ap... https://www.portland.gov/elections/documents/filing-application-a...

Educational Background (Other). Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

Prior Governmental Experience (Elected or Appointed). If no relevant experience, enter

"None" or "NA." Attach a separate sheet if necessary.

City of Portland Focused Intervention Task Force Community Oversight Group | Chair | 2022-Present
Multnomah County Local Public Safety Coordinating Council | Community Voting Member | May 2024 -
Present

Governor's Criminal Justice Commission | 2023-Present

Campaign Finance Information

State Campaign Finance Information:

A candidate must file a Statement of Organization not later than three business days of first
receiving a contribution or making an expenditure and no later than the deadline for filing a
nominating petition or declaration of candidacy, whichever occurs first, unless they meet the criteria
for an exemption. To meet the criteria, the candidate must serve as their own treasurer, not have
an existing candidate committee, and not expect to spend or receive more than
$750 during the entire calendar year (including in-kind contributions and personal funds).

If you have an existing candidate committee you must amend the statement of organization not
later than 10 days after a change in information. This includes changes to the election you are active
in and the office you are running for.

See the State Campaign Finance Manual for the procedural and legal requirements of establishing
and maintaining a candidate committee.

1 nave reviewed the above State campaign finance information.

City of Portland Contribution Limits and Disclosures Information:
City campaign finance contribution limits, disclosure requirements, and additional reporting requirements

are included in City Code Sections 2.10.010 B.1., 2., and 4. (Contributions in City of Portland Candidate
Elections); 2.10.020 B. (Expenditures in City of Portland Candidate Elections); 2.10.030 A. — C.(Timely
Disclosure of Large Contributions and Expenditures); and 2.16.140 C. (Additional Reporting).

wv | | have reviewed the above campaign finance requirements specific to the City of Portland. | also
understand that the Auditor's Office publishes administrative rules pertaining to campaign
finance and have reviewed these.

Small Donor Elections

For more information on this optional program, contact the Smail Donor Elections program.

Select one
| have filed a Notice of Intent to participate in the City’s public funding program.

Fj | have not filed a Notice of Intent, but ! plan on participating in the City’s public funding program.

Fl ! do not plan to participate in the City’s public funding program.

Page 3.of 5.

3 of 5 7/18/24, 10:09 PM

Candidate Filing Application - AUD 120 - 2024-candidate-filing-ap... https://www.portland.gov/elections/documents/filing-application-a...

Candidate Committee

Select one

| have a candidate committee registered with the Oregon Secretary of State in ORESTAR.
Name of Candidate Committee as registered in ORESTAR:

Friends of Terrence Hayes PAC ID 23237

EF] | do not have a candidate committee registered in ORESTAR, and | do not expect to spend more
than $750 or receive more than $750 during each calendar year. | understand that | must still keep
records of all campaign transactions and that if total contributions or total expenditures exceed
$750 during a calendar year, | must follow the requirements of City and State law, detailed in the

City Candidate Guide and the State Campaign Finance Manual.

EI | do not currently have a candidate committee registered in ORESTAR. | will be filing a
Statement of Organization for Candidate Committee with the Oregon Secretary of State’s Office

(SEL 220 Form).
Filing Method

Fee (Auditor: $100, Mayor: $100, Councilor: $75). If selecting this method, proceed to Option A.
Fee Waiver (must be previously submitted and approved). If selecting this method, proceed to
Option A.

[ ] Nominating Petition (no filing fee required). If selecting this method, proceed to Option B.

Option A: Filing by Declaration and Fee or Fee Waiver

| am filing this Candidate Filing Application along with required filing fee pursuant to City Code Section
2.08.060 (Candidacy by Declaration), or | have been approved for a fee waiver in lieu of filing fee.

| understand that my filing for candidacy is not complete until | submit a completed

Candidate Filing Application and | have paid the filing fee or my fee waiver has been

previously submitted and approved.
| am including the required fee by the following method (skip if you have been approved for the Fee
Waiver).
Paying through the Online Payment Portal. To access the payment portal, visit

portlandoregon.gov/auditor/candidatefilingfee/ or click the following button:

[| Mailing a check. Make checks payable to "City of Portland," and mail to:
City Elections Office
1221 SW Fourth Avenue
Room 130 Portland, OR 97204
Fy Scheduling an in-person appointment to deposit a payment. To request an appointment
with the City Elections Office email elections@portlandoregon.gov.

Option B: Filing by Declaration and Nominating Petition

Notice: Candidates filing by Nominating Petition
e Must submit a proposed signature sheet (SEL 121 Form) to the City Elections Office for written
approval prior to circulation. Remember to include your SEL 121 Form when you file your
Candidate Filing Application.
Must submit completed signature sheets and a completed Petition Submission Form (SEL 338
Form) to. the City Elections Office in person to initiate the signature verification process.

Page 4 of 5
4o0f 5 7/18/24, 10:09 PM

Candidate Filing Application - AUD 120 - 2024-candidate-filing-ap... https://www.portland.gov/elections/documents/filing-application-a...

Option B: Filing by Declaration and Nominating Petition (Continued)

Some circulators may be paid [_] Yes
A | understand that submitting this form and the proposed signature sheet do not represent a
complete filing for candidacy. A complete filing for candidacy by nominating petition requires in-
person submission of completed signature sheets (SEL 121 Form) containing at least 500 valid
signatures from Portland voters registered in my electoral district in addition to a completed
Petition Submission Form (SEL 338 Form).

Residence Address Exemption (Optional)

Candidates are required to disclose their residential address to verify qualification for candidacy. To
exempt your residence address from public disclosure, candidates must file a separate Residence
Address Exemption Request (SEL 180 Form) with the Secretary of State. The request for a Residence
Address Exemption must include a publicly disclosable mailing address. Residence addresses are still
subject to inspection as public record under ORS 192.311 to 192.478.

Select one
| don't want my residence address to be disclosed. | will be filing | will not be filing an
a separate SEL 180- Residence Address Exemption Request Address Exemption.

Candidate Attestation and Filing Submission
By signing this document, | hereby state and acknowledge the following:

| will accept the election for the office indicated above.
| will qualify for said office if elected.

No circulators will be compensated based on the number of signatures obtained by the circulator on a
prospective petition.

| understand that | may not file a nominating petition or declaration of candidacy for more than one
lucrative office on the ballot at the same time, unless | first file a written withdrawal with the officer who
accepted the initial filing. | understand that | must file the withdrawal before a nominating petition or
declaration of candidacy will be accepted. See ORS 249.013 (Candidacy for More than One Office).

| understand that pursuant to ORS 260.715 (Prohibited Conduct) and ORS 260.993 (Criminal
Penalties), any person who supplies any information on the form, knowing it to be false, is subject upon
conviction in the penitentiary for up to five years or to a fine of $125,000 or both.

| understand that the information submitted on this form is subject to Oregon's public record laws.

All the information provided by me on this form is true to the best of my knowledge.

Form), the City Elections Office will assign a petition number to this form and notify you by email of both the
assigned petition number and confirmation that your form has been received. Contact the City Elections Office
if you have not received a reply within three business days.

For All Candidates: When completed, you may email this form to election rtlandoregon.gov or
schedule an appointment to submit your Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120 Form) in person. Same day
appointments cannot be guaranteed and candidates should plan to contact the City Elections Office at least
several days in advance.

For Internal Use Only

Petition ID.

Number ee

Page 5 of 5
5 of 5 7/18/24, 10:09 PM