AUD 120
City of Portland
Candidate Filing Application
November 3, 2026 General Election
This filing is an:
☐
Original
☐
Amendment
Important information
This is a public document. Information printed on the ballot for certified candidates will include name
as it should appear on ballot and office sought.
Last day to file for
Last day to file for Withdrawal
First day to file non-incumbents and
elected incumbents deadline
appointed incumbents
June 3, 2026 August 18, 2026 August 25, 2026 August 28, 2026
City office
☐ ☐ ☐
I am filing for the office of: Auditor Councilor District 3 Councilor District 4
Notice for City Auditor candidates: Candidates for City Auditor must additionally include proof of
certification as a Public Accountant, Internal Auditor, or Management Accountant. Applications for
City Auditor candidacy are not considered complete until all required documentation is received.
Candidate name
First name Middle initial Last name Suffix
Name should appear on the ballot as follows (nickname or shortened version of name may be
added in parentheses)
Optional: How your name should be pronounced (phonetic spelling)
Candidate residence address
Street address Apartment/Unit
City County State Zip code
Have you resided at this address since November 3, 2025? ☐ Yes ☐ No
If you answered “no” to the question above, provide the following information:
List the address(es) where you have resided since November 3, 2025
Page 1 of 7
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
Candidate contact information
☐
Candidate mailing address and residence address are the same.
Candidate mailing address (if different from residence address):
Street address Apartment/Unit
City County State Zip code
Outgoing communications from Portland City Elections to candidates or interested parties will be
primarily by email, unless contact by phone is selected by checking the box below.
☐
I prefer contact by phone as my primary contact method instead of email.
At least one email or phone number is required.
Primary email address (e.g., campaign email) Secondary email address (e.g., personal email)
Primary phone number Alternate phone number Campaign phone number
Campaign website (if applicable)
Race and ethnicity (optional)
As part of ensuring open and accountable government, the Portland Auditor’s Office seeks to reach
diverse communities, provide effective, high-quality service to all Portlanders, and promote a culture
of inclusion in the Office’s public services and everyday interactions. To help us measure whether we
are meeting these goals, we ask that you provide basic demographic information. Your answer to
this question will not affect your qualification for candidacy and will not appear on the ballot.
Check all that apply.
☐
American Indian or Alaskan Native
(Tribe or Native Corporation):
☐
Asian or Asian American
☐
Black or African American
☐
Hispanic, Latino, Latina, or Latinx
☐
Middle Eastern or Northern African
☐
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander
☐
White
☐
Not listed
(Specify):
☐
Prefer not to answer
Page 2 of 7
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
Occupation (present employment, paid or unpaid)
If not employed, enter “Not Employed.”
Occupational background (previous employment, paid or unpaid)
If no relevant experience, “None” or “NA” must be entered. Attach a separate sheet if necessary.
Educational background
Completion of either the Educational Background (Schools Attended) section or Educational
Background (Other) section is required. Attach a separate sheet if necessary.
Educational background (schools attended)
Last grade
Complete name of school completed Diploma/degree/certificate Course of study
Educational background (other)
Prior governmental experience (elected or appointed)
If no relevant experience, “None” or “NA” must be entered. Attach a separate sheet if necessary.
Page 3 of 7
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
Notice: Important campaign finance information
Requirements of State campaign finance law
• You must file a Statement of Organization for Candidate Committee (SEL 220 Form) not later
than three business days of first receiving a contribution or making an expenditure and no later
than the deadline for filing a nominating petition or declaration of candidacy, whichever occurs
first, unless you meet the criteria for an exemption. To meet the criteria, you must serve as
your own treasurer, not have an existing candidate committee, and not expect to spend or
receive more than $1,500 during the entire calendar year (including in-kind contributions and
personal funds).
• If you have an existing candidate committee you must amend the statement of organization not
later than 10 days after a change in information. This includes changes to the election you are
active in and the office you are running for.
• See the State Campaign Finance Manual for the procedural and legal requirements of
establishing and maintaining a candidate committee.
City of Portland legal requirements for contribution limits and disclosures
City campaign finance contribution limits, disclosure requirements, and additional reporting
requirements are included in the following:
• In City Code Sections 2.10.010 B.1., 2., and 4. (Contributions in City of Portland Candidate
Elections); 2.10.020 B. (Expenditures in City of Portland Candidate Elections); 2.10.030 A. –
C.(Timely Disclosure of Large Contributions and Expenditures); and 2.16.140 C. (Additional
Reporting); and
• In Auditor Administrative Rules (ARAs) 13.01 (Purpose, Authority, and Construction) through
13.05 (Campaign Finance: Contribution Limits), including Appendices.
Small Donor Elections program
Select one.
☐
I have filed a Notice of Intent to participate in the City’s public funding program.
☐
I have not filed a Notice of Intent, but I plan on participating in the City’s public funding program.
☐
I do not plan to participate in the City’s public funding program.
For more information on this optional program, contact Small Donor Elections.
Candidate committee
Select one.
☐
I have a candidate committee registered with the Oregon Secretary of State in ORESTAR.
Name of candidate committee as registered in ORESTAR
Page 4 of 7
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
☐
I do not have a candidate committee registered in ORESTAR, and I do not expect to spend more
than $1,500 or receive more than $1,500 during each calendar year. I understand that I must still
keep records of all campaign transactions and that if total contributions or total expenditures
exceed $1,500 during a calendar year, I must follow registration and reporting requirements under
City and State laws.
☐
I do not currently have a candidate committee registered in ORESTAR. I will be filing a Statement
of Organization for Candidate Committee (SEL 220 Form) with Oregon’s Secretary of State,
Elections Division.
Filing method
I am filing by:
☐
Declaration with Fee ($500 for Auditor; $250 for Councilor) (complete Filing Option A section)
☐
Declaration with fee waived through approved Fee Waiver (complete Filing Option B section)
☐
Nominating Petition (collect signatures in lieu of fee) (complete Filing Option C section)
Filing Option A: Filing by Declaration of Candidacy with Fee
☐
I am filing this Candidate Filing Application along with the required filing fee pursuant to City Code
Section 2.08.060 (Candidacy by Declaration). I understand that my filing for candidacy is not
complete until I have submitted a completed Candidate Filing Application and paid the filing fee.
I am including the required fee by the following method:
☐
Paying through the online payment portal (portlandoregon.gov/auditor/candidatefilingfee/).
☐
Mailing a check made payable to “City of Portland Elections” to the following address:
Portland City Elections
1221 SW Fourth Avenue, Room 130
Portland, OR 97204
☐
Scheduling an in-person appointment to deposit a payment. (To request an appointment,
email Portland City Elections at elections@portlandoregon.gov).
Filing Option B: Filing by Declaration of Candidacy with Fee Waiver
☐
I am filing this Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120 Form), and I have previously submitted and
been approved for a fee waiver in lieu of filing fee. I understand that my filing for candidacy is not
complete unless I have an approved fee waiver and have submitted a completed Candidate Filing
Application.
Filing Option C: Filing by Nominating Petition
Some circulators may be paid: ☐ Yes ☐ No
☐
I understand that submitting this Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120 Form) and a proposed
signature sheet do not represent a complete filing for candidacy. A complete filing for candidacy
by nominating petition requires in-person submission of completed signature sheets (SEL 121
Page 5 of 7
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
Form) containing at least 500 valid signatures from Portland voters registered in my electoral
district in addition to a completed Petition Submission Form (SEL 338 Form). Portland City
Elections must verify the signatures to determine whether they are valid.
Notice that Candidates filing by Nominating Petition:
• Must submit a proposed signature sheet (SEL 121 Form) to Portland City Elections for written
approval prior to circulation. Include your SEL 121 Form with this Candidate Filing
Application (AUD 120 Form).
• Must submit completed signature sheets and a completed Petition Submission Form (SEL 338
Form) to Portland City Elections in person to initiate the signature verification process.
Residence address exemption
Candidates must disclose their residence address as part of their declaration of candidacy.
Candidate declarations are publicly disclosed online. Candidates have the option to request their
residence address be exempt from disclosure by filing a separate Residence Address Exemption
Request with the Oregon Secretary of State. The exemption request must include a publicly
disclosable mailing address. Even if exemption requests are granted, residence addresses are still
subject to in-person inspection as a public record under ORS 192.311 to 192.478. An Address
Exemption Request must be filed within five (5) business days of filing this Candidate Filing
Application (AUD 120 Form) to avoid potential public posting of a residence address.
☐
I will not be filing the optional Residence Address Exemption Request.
☐
I don’t want my residence address to be publicly disclosed. I will be filing a separate Residence
Address Exemption Request (SEL 180 Form) with the Secretary of State. I understand I should
file my request within five (5) business days to avoid the potential publication of my residence
address.
Candidate attestation and filing submission
By signing this document, I hereby state and acknowledge the following:
• If elected, I will accept the election for the office indicated above.
• If elected, I will qualify for said office.
• If I am filing by nominating petition, no circulator of my petition will be compensated based on
the number of signatures obtained by the circulator.
• I understand that I may not file a nominating petition or declaration of candidacy for more than
one lucrative office on the ballot at the same time, unless I first file a written withdrawal with the
officer who accepted the initial filing. I understand that I must file the withdrawal before another
nominating petition or declaration of candidacy will be accepted. See ORS 249.013
(Candidacy for More Than One Office).
• I understand that any person who supplies any information on this form, knowing it to be false,
may be subject upon conviction to imprisonment for up to five years or a fine of $125,000 or
both. See ORS 260.715 (Prohibited Conduct) and ORS 260.993 (Criminal Penalties).
Page 6 of 7
Candidate Filing Application AUD 120
• I understand the information submitted on this form is a public record that may be subject to
disclosure under Oregon’s public record laws.
• All the information on this form is true to the best of my knowledge.
Candidate signature Date
For candidates filing by nominating petition:
After you submit this Candidate Filing Application (AUD 120 Form), Portland City Elections will
assign a petition number to this form and email you the petition number to confirm your form has
been received. Contact Portland City Elections if you have not received a reply within three
business days.
For all candidates:
You may email this completed form to elections@portlandoregon.gov or schedule an appointment by
email or phone at 503-823-4022 to submit in person. Same day appointments cannot be guaranteed,
and candidates should plan to contact Portland City Elections at least several days in advance.
Petition ID number For internal use only rev. 6/5/26
Timestamp
Page 7 of 7
PCC
Educational Advisory committee 09/22-24 (student representative 2 terms)
Academic Policies and Standards (2 terms)
Curriculum Committee (2 Terms)
Degrees and Certificates Committee (2 Terms)
Membership committee (2 Terms)
Student Development committee (2 Terms)
ASPCC Executive Committee (23-24) (1 Term)
Finance subcommittee (22-23) (1 Term) (Chair)
PCC Live to Drive Committee (23-24) (1 Term)
Earth Day Committee (22-24) (2 Terms)
Sustainability Committee (24-25) (1 Term)
ADEC (25-26) Current 1 term
CACC (25-26) Current 1 term
Washington County
Metzger Park Local Improvement District Advisory Board (22-24) (1 Term)
Multnomah County
Disability Services Advisory Council (24-Current) (1 Term)
Council for Economic Dignity (24- Current) (1 term)
Department of County Assets Cbac (24-25) Changes in calculation merged these two
Department of County Management Cbac (24-25) (1 Term each)
DCA/DCM CBAC (24-current) (Chair) (25-26) (1 term)
Central CBAC (2025) (1 Term) Co-Chair
Multnomah County Democrats
Precinct Chair Person (2025 – Current) (1.5 term)
Communications Subcommittee (2025 – Current)
Goose Hollow Foothills League
Elections Subcommittee (2024) (1 Term)
Trimet
Committee for Accessible Transportation (23-Current) (2 term)
Lift Subcommittee (23-Current) Co-chair (2 Term)
SAGE
Leaders Action Board (2024-Current) (1 Term)
CHNW
Goose Hollow Tenant Council (2024) (Facilitator/Chair) (1 Term)
PSU
Student Legal Service Action Board (2024-2025) (Chair) (1 Term)
Student Media Service Action Board (2025) (1 Term) Stepped down to try for Editor
Legislative Scholar (2024-25) (1 Term)
Tuition Review Advisory Committee (25-26)( 1 term) (Current)
District 4 Coalition
Land Use and Transportation (2025 – Current) (1 Term)
State of Oregon
Multnomah County DSAC Rep – O4AD (2025 – current) (1 term)
APD Advocacy Award Selection (2026 – Current)
Portland
Homeless Solutions Coalition (2026 – Current)